docs(*): Update for Explore Profiles (#160)
grafana/explore-profiles: docs/sources/investigate/index.md

   - From the Labels view: Select **Add to filters** from one of the areas of interest.
1. Optional: Click and drag on any graph to select a specific time frame or data range.
1. Use the **Labels** view to select two processes to compare.

>    - Select the checkbox in two graphs. Select **Compare** to view your selections in the **Diff flame graph** view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Select both the "Baseline" and "Comparison checkboxes. Click on the **Compare** button to view your selections in the **Diff flame graph** view.
```

Reviewer: Is this suggestion correct?

>    - Use the **Service** and **Profile type** drop-downs to change the service or profile type displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Select both a time range in the baseline graph and in the comparison graph to view the diff flame graph.
```

Author: Thank you for this update

Reviewer: Same here: is this suggestion correct?

Author: Resolving since we discussed this in Slack.
